Changes in Version 2.1-0

  o added bread() and estfun() methods for "hurdle"/"zeroinfl"
    objects as computed by hurdle()/zeroinfl() in
    package "pscl".
  
  o fixed bread() and estfun() methods for negative binomial
    "glm" objects: now dispersion = 1 is used.
  

Changes in Version 2.0-3

  o bread() method for "lm" objects now calls summary.lm()
    explicitely (rather than the generic) so that it also
    works with "aov" objects.
  

Changes in Version 2.0-2

  o Added new vcovOPG() function for computing the outer
    product of gradients estimator (works for maximum
    likelihood estfun() methods only).
  
  o Scaled estfun() and bread() method for "glm" objects
    by dispersion estimate. Hence, this corresponds to
    maximum likelihood and not deviance methods.
  

Changes in Version 2.0-1

  o Minor fix to bwAndrews() so that it can be easily used
    in models for multivariate means.
  

Changes in Version 2.0-0

  o A paper based on the "sandwich-OOP" vignette was accepted
    for publication in volume 16(9) of Journal of Statistical
    Software at
      http://www.jstatsoft.org/
  
  o A NAMESPACE was added for the package.
  

Changes in Version 1.9-0

  o The vignette "sandwich-OOP" has been revised, extended and
    released as a technical report.
    
  o Several estfun() methods and some of the meat() functions have
    been enhanced and made more consistent.


Changes in Version 1.1-1

  o estfun() methods now use directly the model.matrix() method
    instead of the terms() and model.frame() methods.


Changes in Version 1.1-0

  o sandwich is made object-oriented, so that various types
    of sandwich estimators can be computed not only for "lm"
    models, but also "glm", "survreg", etc.
    To achieve object orientation this various changes have
    been made: a sandwich() function is provided which needs
    a bread and a meat matrix. For the bread, a generic bread()
    function is provided, for the meat, there are meat(),
    meatHC() and meatHAC(). All rely on the existence of a
    estfun() method.
    
  o vcovHC() and vcovHAC() have been restructured to use
    sandwich() together with meatHC() and meatHAC(), respectively.
    
  o A new vignette "sandwich-OOP" has been added, explaining
    the new object-orientation features.
    
  o Various methods to bread() and estfun() have been added,
    particularly for "survreg" and "coxph".
    
